# Upgrading to `v1.238.0`

Our AWS Teams architecture is going through some changes that will ultimately improve, enhance, and simplify our identity design. As a result, several components have major updates - including account-map, tfstate-backend, aws-teams, and aws-team-roles. Part of this update involves an updated providers.tf that is already included with every component upstream. In order to use the new providers.tf, simply pull in the latest version of account-map greater than or equal to 1.227. This update is backwards compatible with previous providers.tf versions, so you do not need to update every other component.

When you pull the recent change for github-oidc-provider, you will find this new providers.tf file. We can apply this component with the account-map change mentioned above in all accounts except identity. All components in both core-identity and core-root are expected to be applied with SuperAdmin at this time. The update to AWS Teams will create a new team that can apply changes in these privileged accounts, but we do not need to make that upgrade now.

However, we still need a way to apply github-oidc-provider to core-identity in the meanwhile. To do that, we need to also (1) update the tfstate-backend component and (2) grant SuperAdmin the ability to assume roles to access that backend. Please see the extended documentation below for that process.

Finally, once account-map, tfstate-backend, aws-teams, and aws-team-roles are all reapplied, now you can reapply github-oidc-provider in core-identity using the SuperAdmin user.

We know this is an extensive upgrade for a single change, but these upgrades will ultimately improve the experience across all components and simplify the authentication process going forward. Please reach out if you have questions.
